>>> I HAVE PEOPLE COMING TO ME,
>>> I HAVE PEOPLE COMING TO ME, SOME PEOPLE IN CONGRESS, SIR,
SOME PEOPLE IN CONGRESS, SIR, CAN YOU GET THIS DEAL DONE
CAN YOU GET THIS DEAL DONE IMMEDIATE?
IMMEDIATE? I SAID, IT DOESN’T WORK THAT
I SAID, IT DOESN’T WORK THAT WAY.
WAY. I CAN’T GO THAT FAST.
I CAN’T GO THAT FAST. WE HAVE TO TAKE TIME.
WE HAVE TO TAKE TIME. IT HAS TO GESTATE, RIGHT?
IT HAS TO GESTATE, RIGHT? IT’S LIKE WHEN YOU’RE COOKING A
IT’S LIKE WHEN YOU’RE COOKING A CHICKEN.
CHICKEN. TURKEY FOR THANKSGIVING.
TURKEY FOR THANKSGIVING. MY MOTHER WOULD SAY, OH, EIGHT
MY MOTHER WOULD SAY, OH, EIGHT HOURS.
HOURS. I SAID, EIGHT HOURS?
I SAID, EIGHT HOURS? SHOW MADE THE GREATEST TURKEY
SHOW MADE THE GREATEST TURKEY I’VE EVER HAD.
I’VE EVER HAD. IT TAKES TIME.
IT TAKES TIME. >> WELCOME BACK TO "AM JOY."
>> WELCOME BACK TO "AM JOY." THE WORD IS DEFINITELY NOT
THE WORD IS DEFINITELY NOT GESTATE.
GESTATE. AT THE END OF A VERY BAD WEEK
AT THE END OF A VERY BAD WEEK FOR DONALD TRUMP, ONE CAN’T HELP
FOR DONALD TRUMP, ONE CAN’T HELP BUT ASK IS HE UNRAVELING?
BUT ASK IS HE UNRAVELING? MY NEXT GUEST WHO HAS KNOWN THE
MY NEXT GUEST WHO HAS KNOWN THE PRESIDENT FOR 15 YEARS, HE SAYS
PRESIDENT FOR 15 YEARS, HE SAYS WHEN WATCHING THE PRESIDENT IN
WHEN WATCHING THE PRESIDENT IN THE WHITE HOUSE, HIS MENTAL
THE WHITE HOUSE, HIS MENTAL DECLINE CANNOT BE DECLINED.
DECLINE CANNOT BE DECLINED. JOINING US IS OMAROSA, FORMER
JOINING US IS OMAROSA, FORMER WHITE HOUSE AIDE, AND AUTHOR OF
WHITE HOUSE AIDE, AND AUTHOR OF "UNHINGED," CURRENTLY AT NUMBER
"UNHINGED," CURRENTLY AT NUMBER ONE ON THE "NEW YORK TIMES" BEST
ONE ON THE "NEW YORK TIMES" BEST SELLERS LIST.
SELLERS LIST. GOOD MORNING.
GOOD MORNING. >>.
>>. GOOD MORNING.
GOOD MORNING. WELCOME BACK FROM VACATION.
WELCOME BACK FROM VACATION. >> YES.
>> YES. A LOT HAPPENED WHILE I WAS GONE.
A LOT HAPPENED WHILE I WAS GONE. I WAS LIKE, I’M MISSING ALL
I WAS LIKE, I’M MISSING ALL THIS.
THIS. YOU JUST SAW THAT CLIP OF DONALD
YOU JUST SAW THAT CLIP OF DONALD TRUMP SPEAKING AT AN EVENT WHERE
TRUMP SPEAKING AT AN EVENT WHERE HE’S TALKING ABOUT GESTATING
HE’S TALKING ABOUT GESTATING TURKEYS.
TURKEYS. WHEN YOU SEE THAT, DO YOU STILL
WHEN YOU SEE THAT, DO YOU STILL SEE THE PERSON YOU MET 15 YEARS
SEE THE PERSON YOU MET 15 YEARS AGO, OR AS YOU HAVE WRITTEN IN
AGO, OR AS YOU HAVE WRITTEN IN THE BOOK, AND I READ IN A FAST
THE BOOK, AND I READ IN A FAST 24 HOURS, DO YOU SEE A MAN IN
24 HOURS, DO YOU SEE A MAN IN MENTAL DECLINE?
MENTAL DECLINE? >> I SEE A PERSON WHO CONNED HIS
>> I SEE A PERSON WHO CONNED HIS WAY INTO THE WHITE HOUSE AND IS
WAY INTO THE WHITE HOUSE AND IS TRYING TO USE HIS LIMITED
TRYING TO USE HIS LIMITED INTELLECT TO TRY TO FOOL PEOPLE.
INTELLECT TO TRY TO FOOL PEOPLE. BUT WHEN YOU SEE HIM GIVE
BUT WHEN YOU SEE HIM GIVE SPEECHES LIKE THAT, THEN YOU
SPEECHES LIKE THAT, THEN YOU KNOW FIRSTHAND WHY I TITLED THIS
KNOW FIRSTHAND WHY I TITLED THIS BOOK "UNHINGED" BECAUSE HE TRULY
BOOK "UNHINGED" BECAUSE HE TRULY IS UNRAVELING.
IS UNRAVELING. HE’S SHOWING SIGNS OF DECLINE,
HE’S SHOWING SIGNS OF DECLINE, INSTABILITY, IMPULSIVITY AND HE
INSTABILITY, IMPULSIVITY AND HE HAS A STRUGGLE WITH THE TRUTH AS
HAS A STRUGGLE WITH THE TRUTH AS WITH HE SAW SO VERY CLEARLY THIS
WITH HE SAW SO VERY CLEARLY THIS WEEK, JOY.
WEEK, JOY. >> YOU TALK IN THE BOOK ABOUT
>> YOU TALK IN THE BOOK ABOUT HIM BEING ISOLATED, ABOUT HIM
HIM BEING ISOLATED, ABOUT HIM BEING LONELY IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
BEING LONELY IN THE WHITE HOUSE. IS YOU TALK ABOUT HIM HAVING
IS YOU TALK ABOUT HIM HAVING ABOUT A NINTH GRADE READING
ABOUT A NINTH GRADE READING LEVEL.
LEVEL. YOU GO INTO DETAILS ABOUT THE
YOU GO INTO DETAILS ABOUT THE HIM THAT ARE FALLING APART.
HIM THAT ARE FALLING APART. WERE THOSE THINGS TRUE WHEN YOU
WERE THOSE THINGS TRUE WHEN YOU MET HIM?
MET HIM? YOU KNOW, YOU TALK ABOUT YOUR
YOU KNOW, YOU TALK ABOUT YOUR OWN HISTORY COMING UP IN THE
OWN HISTORY COMING UP IN THE WEST LAKE PROJECTS, COMING FROM
WEST LAKE PROJECTS, COMING FROM OHIO, YOU GO THROUGH TWO HBCers,
OHIO, YOU GO THROUGH TWO HBCers, YOU WORK FOR THE CLINTON
YOU WORK FOR THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION, YOU TRY OUT FOR
ADMINISTRATION, YOU TRY OUT FOR "THE APPRENTICE" AND PART OF
"THE APPRENTICE" AND PART OF WHAT YOU DID IN YOUR AUDITION
WHAT YOU DID IN YOUR AUDITION PROCESS TO LAND THAT GIG WAS TO
PROCESS TO LAND THAT GIG WAS TO STUDY DONALD TRUMP, TO STUDY
STUDY DONALD TRUMP, TO STUDY EVERYTHING ABOUT HIM, TO
EVERYTHING ABOUT HIM, TO ESSENTIALLY BECOME HIM, A FEMALE
ESSENTIALLY BECOME HIM, A FEMALE VERSION OF HIM.
VERSION OF HIM. AS YOU REALLY LOOKED INTO WHO HE
AS YOU REALLY LOOKED INTO WHO HE WAS, IS THAT WHAT YOU SAW, A
WAS, IS THAT WHAT YOU SAW, A PERSON WHO IS NOT INTELLIGENT, A
PERSON WHO IS NOT INTELLIGENT, A PERSON WHO IS NOT ARTICULATE, A
PERSON WHO IS NOT ARTICULATE, A PERSON WHO IS OUT THERE AND ODD?
PERSON WHO IS OUT THERE AND ODD? >> JOY, WHEN I MET DONALD TRUMP
>> JOY, WHEN I MET DONALD TRUMP BACK IN 2003, I REMEMBER THE
BACK IN 2003, I REMEMBER THE FIRST MOMENT I WALKED INTO THE
FIRST MOMENT I WALKED INTO THE BOARDROOM AND HE CAME OUT.
BOARDROOM AND HE CAME OUT. HE WAS SO SHARP.
HE WAS SO SHARP. I WOULD EVEN SAY I THOUGHT HE
I WOULD EVEN SAY I THOUGHT HE WAS BRILLIANT.
WAS BRILLIANT. THE REASON WHY I WANTED TO GO ON
THE REASON WHY I WANTED TO GO ON "THE APPRENTICE" BECAUSE I
"THE APPRENTICE" BECAUSE I WANTED TO WIN AND LEAD ONE OF
WANTED TO WIN AND LEAD ONE OF HIS COMPANIES.
HIS COMPANIES. WHAT HE DID DURING "THE
WHAT HE DID DURING "THE APPRENTICE" WAS NOTHING SHORT OF
APPRENTICE" WAS NOTHING SHORT OF JUST A HUGE SUCCESS.
JUST A HUGE SUCCESS. 28 MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED US.
28 MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED US. HE WAS AN INCREDIBLE
HE WAS AN INCREDIBLE ENTERTAINER.
ENTERTAINER. UNFORTUNATELY, AS THE YEARS HAVE
UNFORTUNATELY, AS THE YEARS HAVE GONE ON, DONALD TRUMP HAS NOT IN
GONE ON, DONALD TRUMP HAS NOT IN ANY WAY EXPANDED HIS CAPABILITY.
ANY WAY EXPANDED HIS CAPABILITY. IN FACT, WHAT WE’VE SEEN IS THIS
IN FACT, WHAT WE’VE SEEN IS THIS HUGE DECLINE IN HIS ABILITY TO
HUGE DECLINE IN HIS ABILITY TO PROCESS DIFFICULT INFORMATION.
PROCESS DIFFICULT INFORMATION. ONE OF THE SHOCKING THINGS IN
ONE OF THE SHOCKING THINGS IN THE FIRST YEAR OF THE WHITE
THE FIRST YEAR OF THE WHITE HOUSE IS THAT HE DIDN’T READ ANY
HOUSE IS THAT HE DIDN’T READ ANY OF THE LEGISLATION.
OF THE LEGISLATION. HE NEVER READ ANY OF THE
HE NEVER READ ANY OF THE EXECUTIVE ORDERS AND EVEN THE
EXECUTIVE ORDERS AND EVEN THE BASIC NOTES I OUTLINED FOR HIM
BASIC NOTES I OUTLINED FOR HIM FOR LISTENING SESSIONS OR TOURS
FOR LISTENING SESSIONS OR TOURS OR MEETINGS, HE STRUGGLED WITH.
OR MEETINGS, HE STRUGGLED WITH. IT’S KIND OF CONCERNING AS TO
IT’S KIND OF CONCERNING AS TO WHETHER OR NOT HE IS STILL FIT
WHETHER OR NOT HE IS STILL FIT TO CARRY OUT HIS DUTIES OF THIS
TO CARRY OUT HIS DUTIES OF THIS OFFICE.
OFFICE. >> A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE, I’M
>> A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE, I’M SURE, TALKED TO YOU PERSONALLY
SURE, TALKED TO YOU PERSONALLY AND IN INTERVIEWS YOU’VE DONE
AND IN INTERVIEWS YOU’VE DONE TALKED ABOUT YOUR PERCEPTION OF
TALKED ABOUT YOUR PERCEPTION OF DONALD TRUMP NOW BEING RACIST,
DONALD TRUMP NOW BEING RACIST, BUT GOING BACK TO WHEN YOU FIRST
BUT GOING BACK TO WHEN YOU FIRST MET HIM, WHETHER THAT
MET HIM, WHETHER THAT PERCEPTION -- A QUOTE FROM YOUR
PERCEPTION -- A QUOTE FROM YOUR BOOK, AS I THOUGHT AT THE TIME,
BOOK, AS I THOUGHT AT THE TIME, YOUR PERCEPTION OF HIM, HE’S
YOUR PERCEPTION OF HIM, HE’S RACIAL IN THAT HE USES RACE AND
RACIAL IN THAT HE USES RACE AND RACE RELATIONS TO MANIPULATE
RACE RELATIONS TO MANIPULATE PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. AND THIS WAS AT THE TIME IN
AND THIS WAS AT THE TIME IN 2015.
2015. YOU ALSO -- YOU WERE AN OBAMA
YOU ALSO -- YOU WERE AN OBAMA SUPPORTER.
SUPPORTER. YOU WERE A SUPPORTER OF
YOU WERE A SUPPORTER OF PRESIDENT OBAMA.
PRESIDENT OBAMA. YOU TALKED ABOUT HIM HATEDING
YOU TALKED ABOUT HIM HATEDING BARACK OBAMA.
BARACK OBAMA. THAT’S GOING BACK TO 2007, 2008,
THAT’S GOING BACK TO 2007, 2008, THAT HE HATED HIM.
THAT HE HATED HIM. HE THOUGHT OF HIM AS A PHONEY
HE THOUGHT OF HIM AS A PHONEY AND THAT HE COMPLAINED ABOUT
AND THAT HE COMPLAINED ABOUT HIM.
HIM. HE WAS A BIRTHER.
HE WAS A BIRTHER. DID THOSE THINGS AT THE TIME
DID THOSE THINGS AT THE TIME MAKE YOU THINK, WAIT, THIS GUY
MAKE YOU THINK, WAIT, THIS GUY IS NOT JUST RACIAL, HE MIGHT BE
IS NOT JUST RACIAL, HE MIGHT BE RACIST?
RACIST? >> THANK YOU FOR ASKING THE
>> THANK YOU FOR ASKING THE QUESTION.
QUESTION. I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT.
I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT. I DON’T WANT TO GET INTO AN
I DON’T WANT TO GET INTO AN ACADEMIC DISCUSSION WHICH IS
ACADEMIC DISCUSSION WHICH IS WHAT WE WERE HAVING WHEN I WAS
WHAT WE WERE HAVING WHEN I WAS TALKING IN 2015 ABOUT THE
TALKING IN 2015 ABOUT THE DIFFERENCE, BUT I CAN GIVE YOU A
DIFFERENCE, BUT I CAN GIVE YOU A CLEAR EXAMPLE OF RACIAL VERSUS
CLEAR EXAMPLE OF RACIAL VERSUS RACIST.
RACIST. WHEN DONALD TRUMP STARTED
WHEN DONALD TRUMP STARTED ATTACKING NFL PLAYERS ABOUT
ATTACKING NFL PLAYERS ABOUT KNEELING, HE ONLY ATTACKED
KNEELING, HE ONLY ATTACKED AFRICAN-AMERICAN ATHLETES.
AFRICAN-AMERICAN ATHLETES. IT WASN’T HIM CALLING OUT AND
IT WASN’T HIM CALLING OUT AND SAYING HE WAS RACIST, BUT HE WAS
SAYING HE WAS RACIST, BUT HE WAS BEING RACIAL.
BEING RACIAL. HE WAS TRYING TO STIR UP HIS
HE WAS TRYING TO STIR UP HIS BASE BY USING AN ISSUE HE KNEW
BASE BY USING AN ISSUE HE KNEW HIS BASE WOULD GRAVITATE TO, TO
HIS BASE WOULD GRAVITATE TO, TO SEE HIM ATTACK WEALTHY,
SEE HIM ATTACK WEALTHY, PROMINENT, AFRICAN-AMERICAN MEN.
PROMINENT, AFRICAN-AMERICAN MEN. HE WASN’T NECESSARILY SAYING
HE WASN’T NECESSARILY SAYING HE’S BEING RACIST BUT HE WAS
HE’S BEING RACIST BUT HE WAS BEING RACIAL BECAUSE HE’S INTENT
BEING RACIAL BECAUSE HE’S INTENT ON STARTING A RACE WAR.
ON STARTING A RACE WAR. THAT’S WHAT I BELIEVE.
THAT’S WHAT I BELIEVE. >> AND YOU -- WHEN YOU TALK
>> AND YOU -- WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT HIS ATTITUDE TOWARD
ABOUT HIS ATTITUDE TOWARD PRESIDENT OBAMA, YOU SAID YOU
PRESIDENT OBAMA, YOU SAID YOU PERCEIVE THE REASON HE DISLIKED
PERCEIVE THE REASON HE DISLIKED PRESIDENT OBAMA AND WAS SO
PRESIDENT OBAMA AND WAS SO FIXATED ON HIM IS BECAUSE OBAMA
FIXATED ON HIM IS BECAUSE OBAMA WAS BLACK.
WAS BLACK. DID YOU PERCEIVE THAT AT THE
DID YOU PERCEIVE THAT AT THE TIME, IN ’07-’08?
TIME, IN ’07-’08? >> IN ’07-’08, NO.
>> IN ’07-’08, NO. BUT THE MOMENT, THE MOMENT WET
BUT THE MOMENT, THE MOMENT WET GOT INTO.
GOT INTO. THE WHITE HOUSE AND THEY
THE WHITE HOUSE AND THEY COMPILED A LIST OF OBAMA’S
COMPILED A LIST OF OBAMA’S GREATEST ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND HE
GREATEST ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND HE AND STEVE AND STEVE BANNON
AND STEVE AND STEVE BANNON SOUGHT OUT TO DISCREDIT EVERY
SOUGHT OUT TO DISCREDIT EVERY PRESIDENT OBAMA ACCOMPLISHED,
PRESIDENT OBAMA ACCOMPLISHED, EVEN IF IT MEANT IT WOULD BE
EVEN IF IT MEANT IT WOULD BE HARMFUL TO THIS COUNTRY AND
HARMFUL TO THIS COUNTRY AND HARMFUL TO THE COMMITMENTS HE
HARMFUL TO THE COMMITMENTS HE MADE ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL, IT
MADE ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL, IT DID NOT MATTER.
DID NOT MATTER. IF IT WAS ONE OF THE MAJOR
IF IT WAS ONE OF THE MAJOR THINGS THAT PRESIDENT OBAMA
THINGS THAT PRESIDENT OBAMA ACCOMPLISHED, DONALD TRUMP
ACCOMPLISHED, DONALD TRUMP WANTED TO DISMANTLE IT.
WANTED TO DISMANTLE IT. FOR EXAMPLE, THE AFFORDABLE CARE
FOR EXAMPLE, THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT.
ACT. I MEAN, HE DOESN’T CARE IF
I MEAN, HE DOESN’T CARE IF AMERICANS HAVE HEALTH CARE
AMERICANS HAVE HEALTH CARE BECAUSE IF IT’S CALLED
BECAUSE IF IT’S CALLED OBAMACARE, HE WANTS TO DESTROY
OBAMACARE, HE WANTS TO DESTROY IT.
IT. WHETHER IT’S GOOD OR BAD FOR
WHETHER IT’S GOOD OR BAD FOR THIS COUNTRY.
THIS COUNTRY. AND I THINK THAT’S VERY
AND I THINK THAT’S VERY DANGEROUS, JOY.
DANGEROUS, JOY. >> I WANT TO PLAY FOR YOU A
>> I WANT TO PLAY FOR YOU A LITTLE CLIP FROM A PRESSER YOU
LITTLE CLIP FROM A PRESSER YOU WRITE ABOUT IN THE BOOK THAT YOU
WRITE ABOUT IN THE BOOK THAT YOU SAY WAS HURTFUL TO YOU WHEN YOU
SAY WAS HURTFUL TO YOU WHEN YOU SAW IT AT THE TIME.
SAW IT AT THE TIME. THIS WAS DURING THE CAMPAIGN,
THIS WAS DURING THE CAMPAIGN, DURING APRIL OF 2018, SIX OF
DURING APRIL OF 2018, SIX OF YOUR FELLOW "APPRENTICE"
YOUR FELLOW "APPRENTICE" CONTESTANTS SPEAKING OUT ABOUT
CONTESTANTS SPEAKING OUT ABOUT TRUMP’S CANDIDACY.
TRUMP’S CANDIDACY. THEY CAME OUT AND SAID FLAT OUT,
THEY CAME OUT AND SAID FLAT OUT, DONALD TRUMP IS RACIST.
DONALD TRUMP IS RACIST. YOU WRITE, I FLASHED BACK TO THE
YOU WRITE, I FLASHED BACK TO THE TAPING IN SEASON ONE OF "THE
TAPING IN SEASON ONE OF "THE APPRENTICE" AND RUMORS I’VE
APPRENTICE" AND RUMORS I’VE HEARD EVER SINCE OF TRUMP
HEARD EVER SINCE OF TRUMP DESCRIBING KWAME AT UPPITY.
DESCRIBING KWAME AT UPPITY. YOU ALSO WRITE IN THE BOOK, WHEN
YOU ALSO WRITE IN THE BOOK, WHEN YOU WERE FIRED, YOU BELIEVED IT
YOU WERE FIRED, YOU BELIEVED IT WAS BECAUSE OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE OF
WAS BECAUSE OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE OF A TAPE OF DONALD TRUMP USING THE
A TAPE OF DONALD TRUMP USING THE N-WORD POTENTIALLY ABOUT KWAME
N-WORD POTENTIALLY ABOUT KWAME JACKSON.
JACKSON. DURING THE CAMPAIGN WHEN YOUR
DURING THE CAMPAIGN WHEN YOUR FELLOW CAST MEMBERS ARE OUT
FELLOW CAST MEMBERS ARE OUT THERE SAYING, THIS MAN IS A
THERE SAYING, THIS MAN IS A RACIST, YOU AS SOMEONE WHO KNEW
RACIST, YOU AS SOMEONE WHO KNEW HIM BETTER THAN ANYBODY, YOU
HIM BETTER THAN ANYBODY, YOU SPENT TIME IN THE BOARDROOM ON
SPENT TIME IN THE BOARDROOM ON PURPOSE, HOW DID YOU NOT COME TO
PURPOSE, HOW DID YOU NOT COME TO THAT SAME CONCLUSION?
THAT SAME CONCLUSION? >> YOU KNOW, I -- HINDSIGHT IS
>> YOU KNOW, I -- HINDSIGHT IS 20/20, JOY, AND CERTAINLY I WISH
20/20, JOY, AND CERTAINLY I WISH I COULD HAVE SEEN WHAT THEY SAW.
I COULD HAVE SEEN WHAT THEY SAW. I WRITE ABOUT HOW PAINFUL IT WAS
I WRITE ABOUT HOW PAINFUL IT WAS TO WATCH THEM SAY THOSE THINGS
TO WATCH THEM SAY THOSE THINGS BECAUSE I HADN’T COME TO THAT
BECAUSE I HADN’T COME TO THAT REALIZATION.
REALIZATION. I HAD THIS BLIND SPOT FOR HIM.
I HAD THIS BLIND SPOT FOR HIM. WATCHING THEM TALK, AND I HAVE
WATCHING THEM TALK, AND I HAVE SUCH RESPECT FOR RANDALL PINKETT
SUCH RESPECT FOR RANDALL PINKETT WHO SERVED AS THE FIRST
WHO SERVED AS THE FIRST AFRICAN-AMERICAN "APPRENTICE"
AFRICAN-AMERICAN "APPRENTICE" AND HE TALKED ABOUT THINGS GOING
AND HE TALKED ABOUT THINGS GOING ON IN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION,
ON IN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, THE CULTURE OF DECEIT, LIES,
THE CULTURE OF DECEIT, LIES, BACKSTABBING.
BACKSTABBING. THESE ARE THINGS I DID NOT KNOW
THESE ARE THINGS I DID NOT KNOW BUT RANDALL SHARED.
BUT RANDALL SHARED. IT WAS REALLY HARD TO WATCH
IT WAS REALLY HARD TO WATCH THAT.
THAT. I THINK IN "UNHINGED" YOU SEE IT
I THINK IN "UNHINGED" YOU SEE IT SLOWLY EVOLVES, THIS REALIZATION
SLOWLY EVOLVES, THIS REALIZATION THAT DONALD TRUMP IS WANT THE
THAT DONALD TRUMP IS WANT THE PERSON HE SAYS HE IS.
PERSON HE SAYS HE IS. >> THERE ARE SOME WOW MOMENTS IN
>> THERE ARE SOME WOW MOMENTS IN THE BOOK I HAVEN’T HEARD ANYONE
THE BOOK I HAVEN’T HEARD ANYONE TALK ABOUTY ET.
TALK ABOUTY ET. MAYBE I MISSED IT WHEN I WAS IN
MAYBE I MISSED IT WHEN I WAS IN ENGLAND.
ENGLAND. YOU HAD A CONVERSATION WITH
YOU HAD A CONVERSATION WITH STEVE BANNON.
STEVE BANNON. WHEN PEOPLE TALK ABOUT THE
WHEN PEOPLE TALK ABOUT THE RACISM OF THIS WHITE HOUSE, OF
RACISM OF THIS WHITE HOUSE, OF THEM BRINGING WHITE NATIONALISM
THEM BRINGING WHITE NATIONALISM INDOORS, STEVE BANNON IS THE
INDOORS, STEVE BANNON IS THE FIRST NAME MOST PEOPLE TALK
FIRST NAME MOST PEOPLE TALK ABOUT.
ABOUT. YOU SAY, I ASKED BANNON IF THE
YOU SAY, I ASKED BANNON IF THE RUMORS OF HIS BEING A RACIST
RUMORS OF HIS BEING A RACIST WERE TRUE.
WERE TRUE. HE SAID NO.
HE SAID NO. HE EXPLAINED, THE SAME WAY YOU
HE EXPLAINED, THE SAME WAY YOU ARE A PROUD AFRICAN-AMERICAN
ARE A PROUD AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN, I AM A PROUD WHITE MAN.
WOMAN, I AM A PROUD WHITE MAN. WHAT’S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
WHAT’S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN YOUR PRIDE AND MY PRIDE?
YOUR PRIDE AND MY PRIDE? WHAT DID YOU THINK WHEN YOU
WHAT DID YOU THINK WHEN YOU HEARD THAT?
HEARD THAT? >> I HAVE TO TELL YOU, STEVE
>> I HAVE TO TELL YOU, STEVE BANNON WAS ALWAYS
BANNON WAS ALWAYS STRAIGHTFORWARD ABOUT WHO HE IS,
STRAIGHTFORWARD ABOUT WHO HE IS, WHERE HE STOOD, HE WAS
WHERE HE STOOD, HE WAS UNAPOLOGETIC AND I WANTED TO
UNAPOLOGETIC AND I WANTED TO UNDERSTAND WHAT HIS PERSPECTIVES
UNDERSTAND WHAT HIS PERSPECTIVES WERE, WHERE THEY CAME FROM,
WERE, WHERE THEY CAME FROM, WHERE THEY BIRTHED THIS TYPE OF
WHERE THEY BIRTHED THIS TYPE OF HATE, ALIGNMENT, AND HE
HATE, ALIGNMENT, AND HE EXPLAINED VERY CLEARLY THAT HE
EXPLAINED VERY CLEARLY THAT HE WAS A PROUD, WHITE MAN.
WAS A PROUD, WHITE MAN. I TRIED TO PUSH BACK.
I TRIED TO PUSH BACK. IF YOU EVER SAT -- I DON’T KNOW
IF YOU EVER SAT -- I DON’T KNOW IF YOU HAVE, BUT I HAD A CHANCE
IF YOU HAVE, BUT I HAD A CHANCE TO SIT DOWN AND TALK TO HIM.
TO SIT DOWN AND TALK TO HIM. IT’S ACTUALLY SCARY IN SOME WAYS
IT’S ACTUALLY SCARY IN SOME WAYS FOR HIM TO NOT SEE HOW HARMFUL
FOR HIM TO NOT SEE HOW HARMFUL THE ALIGNMENT WITH WHITE
THE ALIGNMENT WITH WHITE SUPREMACY AND THE ALT-RIGHT, THE
SUPREMACY AND THE ALT-RIGHT, THE ARM IT’S DOING TO THIS NATION
ARM IT’S DOING TO THIS NATION AND THE VERY FABRIC OF WHO WE
AND THE VERY FABRIC OF WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE’RE BUILT ON.
ARE AND WHAT WE’RE BUILT ON. >> WERE YOU UNCOMFORTABLE
>> WERE YOU UNCOMFORTABLE SERVING IN AN ADMINISTRATION
SERVING IN AN ADMINISTRATION WITH STEVE BANNON, STEVEN MILLER
WITH STEVE BANNON, STEVEN MILLER WHO HAS AN ASSOCIATION WITH
WHO HAS AN ASSOCIATION WITH RICHARD SPENCER, THAT KIND OF
RICHARD SPENCER, THAT KIND OF THING?
THING? >> JOY, I’VE WORKED IN CORPORATE
>> JOY, I’VE WORKED IN CORPORATE AMERICA FOR 20 YEARS.
AMERICA FOR 20 YEARS. I’VE WORKED WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE
I’VE WORKED WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE CLOSETED RACIST, OPENLY RACIST.
CLOSETED RACIST, OPENLY RACIST. I’M A BLACK WOMAN IN AMERICA.
I’M A BLACK WOMAN IN AMERICA. THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS,
THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS, YOU’RE GOING TO ENCOUNTER PEOPLE
YOU’RE GOING TO ENCOUNTER PEOPLE WHO HAVE VERY HATEFUL VIEWS.
WHO HAVE VERY HATEFUL VIEWS. I’VE LEARNED AS MOST
I’VE LEARNED AS MOST AFRICAN-AMERICAN PROFESSIONALS
AFRICAN-AMERICAN PROFESSIONALS HAVE LEARNED TO NAVIGATE A SEA
HAVE LEARNED TO NAVIGATE A SEA THAT’S NOT ALWAYS KIND TO
THAT’S NOT ALWAYS KIND TO AFRICAN-AMERICANS, BUT YOU STILL
AFRICAN-AMERICANS, BUT YOU STILL HAVE TO SOME WAY FIND A WAY TO
HAVE TO SOME WAY FIND A WAY TO THRIVE AND PERSEVERE.
THRIVE AND PERSEVERE. >> SURE.
>> SURE. ANOTHER STORY YOU TELL IN THE
ANOTHER STORY YOU TELL IN THE BOOK IS ABOUT MEREDITH McGYVER.
BOOK IS ABOUT MEREDITH McGYVER. I DON’T KNOW IF YOU REMEMBER
I DON’T KNOW IF YOU REMEMBER THAT, WHEN SHE ESSENTIALLY TOOK
THAT, WHEN SHE ESSENTIALLY TOOK THE FALL, TOOK THE BLAME FOR
THE FALL, TOOK THE BLAME FOR MELANIA TRUMP PLAGIARIZING
MELANIA TRUMP PLAGIARIZING MICHELLE OBAMA’S SPEECH AT THE
MICHELLE OBAMA’S SPEECH AT THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION. YOU WRITE, THEY CHOSE McIVER AS
YOU WRITE, THEY CHOSE McIVER AS THE SACRIFICIAL LAMB, BUT THEY
THE SACRIFICIAL LAMB, BUT THEY NEEDED TO KEEP HER UNDER CONTROL
NEEDED TO KEEP HER UNDER CONTROL SO SHE WAS NOT FIRED.
SO SHE WAS NOT FIRED. IF THEY HAD FIRED HER, SHE WOULD
IF THEY HAD FIRED HER, SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN FREE TO TELL THE WORLD
HAVE BEEN FREE TO TELL THE WORLD ANY NUMBER OF TRUMP SECRETS.
ANY NUMBER OF TRUMP SECRETS. BEFORE YOU EXPOUND ON WHAT YOU
BEFORE YOU EXPOUND ON WHAT YOU THINK THOSE SECRETS MIGHT HAVE
THINK THOSE SECRETS MIGHT HAVE BEEN YOU ALSO TALK ABOUT HER
BEEN YOU ALSO TALK ABOUT HER BEING A WOMAN OF COLOR, WHICH I
BEING A WOMAN OF COLOR, WHICH I DON’T THINK ANYBODY KNEW.
DON’T THINK ANYBODY KNEW. >> FIRST OF ALL, SHE’S
>> FIRST OF ALL, SHE’S BRILLIANT.
BRILLIANT. SHE’S A BRILLIANT WRITER.
SHE’S A BRILLIANT WRITER. SHE HELPED WRITE MOST -- MAYBE
SHE HELPED WRITE MOST -- MAYBE TWO OR THREE OF DONALD TRUMP’S
TWO OR THREE OF DONALD TRUMP’S BOOKS.
BOOKS. I WAS VERY SURPRISED WHEN THEY
I WAS VERY SURPRISED WHEN THEY SAID THAT SHE WAS THE REASON
SAID THAT SHE WAS THE REASON THAT MELANIA’S SPEECH LOOKED SO
THAT MELANIA’S SPEECH LOOKED SO MUCH LIKE MICHELLE OBAMA,
MUCH LIKE MICHELLE OBAMA, BECAUSE I KNOW HOW INCREDIBLY
BECAUSE I KNOW HOW INCREDIBLY SMART SHE IS AND THAT’S NOT
SMART SHE IS AND THAT’S NOT SOMETHING SHE WOULD HAVE DONE.
SOMETHING SHE WOULD HAVE DONE. WHICH IS WHY IT WAS IMPORTANT
WHICH IS WHY IT WAS IMPORTANT FOR ME TO TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT
FOR ME TO TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT THE FACT THAT SHE HAD TO FALL ON
THE FACT THAT SHE HAD TO FALL ON THE WORD.
THE WORD. SHE WANTED TO RESIGN BUT THEY
SHE WANTED TO RESIGN BUT THEY WOULDN’T LET HER.
WOULDN’T LET HER. AS YOU SAW WITH THIS OFFER I GOT
AS YOU SAW WITH THIS OFFER I GOT FROM LAURA TRUMP TO MAINTAIN, TO
FROM LAURA TRUMP TO MAINTAIN, TO STAY IN THE TRUMP WORLD, THEY
STAY IN THE TRUMP WORLD, THEY WANT TO CONTROL YOU.
WANT TO CONTROL YOU. THEY WANT TO SILENCE YOU.
THEY WANT TO SILENCE YOU. THEY WANT TO BUY YOU OFF.
THEY WANT TO BUY YOU OFF. NOT TO SAY THAT’S WHAT SHE DID.
NOT TO SAY THAT’S WHAT SHE DID. SHE STAYED IN THE ORGANIZATION.
SHE STAYED IN THE ORGANIZATION. I CAN ATTEST SHE’S A BRILLIANT
I CAN ATTEST SHE’S A BRILLIANT WOMAN THAT NEVER WOULD HAVE
WOMAN THAT NEVER WOULD HAVE TAKEN A WHOLE PARAGRAPH AND
TAKEN A WHOLE PARAGRAPH AND PLAGIARIZED IT AND PUT IT IN
PLAGIARIZED IT AND PUT IT IN MELANIA’S SPEECH.
MELANIA’S SPEECH. >> KNOWING HER, DO YOU THINK SHE
>> KNOWING HER, DO YOU THINK SHE WOULD DO AS DAVID PECKER AND
WOULD DO AS DAVID PECKER AND SOME OTHERS HAVE DONE AND GO TO
SOME OTHERS HAVE DONE AND GO TO ROBERT MUELLER AND AGREE TO TALK
ROBERT MUELLER AND AGREE TO TALK ABOUT WHAT SHE KNOWS ABOUT THE
ABOUT WHAT SHE KNOWS ABOUT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION?
TRUMP ORGANIZATION? >> I WOULD JUST SAY TO THAT,
>> I WOULD JUST SAY TO THAT, PROTECT YOURSELF.
PROTECT YOURSELF. PROTECT YOURSELF.
PROTECT YOURSELF. AS YOU CAN SEE WITH ALLEN AND
AS YOU CAN SEE WITH ALLEN AND THE OTHER PEOPLE AND DAVID, WHO
THE OTHER PEOPLE AND DAVID, WHO WAS MY FORMER BOSS AT AMI,
WAS MY FORMER BOSS AT AMI, THEY’RE ALL PROTECTING
THEY’RE ALL PROTECTING THEMSELVES.
THEMSELVES. THEY’RE GOING AND THEY’RE GOING
THEY’RE GOING AND THEY’RE GOING TO TELL THEIR STORY BUT THEY’RE
TO TELL THEIR STORY BUT THEY’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE TO FACE ANY
NOT GOING TO HAVE TO FACE ANY KIND OF CRIMINAL CHARGES WITH
KIND OF CRIMINAL CHARGES WITH THAT IMMUNITY.
THAT IMMUNITY. IF SHE HAS AN OPPORTUNITY TO
IF SHE HAS AN OPPORTUNITY TO PROTECT HERSELF, I WOULD SAY
PROTECT HERSELF, I WOULD SAY IT’S IMPORTANT TO DO THAT.
IT’S IMPORTANT TO DO THAT. >> YOU TALK ABOUT DAVID PECKER,
>> YOU TALK ABOUT DAVID PECKER, HE BECAME YOUR BOSS AFTER YOU
HE BECAME YOUR BOSS AFTER YOU YOURSELF HAD AN ENCOUNTER WITH
YOURSELF HAD AN ENCOUNTER WITH "THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER," A
"THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER," A REPORTER ATTENDING SECRETLY THE
REPORTER ATTENDING SECRETLY THE FUNERAL OF YOUR BROTHER, I
FUNERAL OF YOUR BROTHER, I BELIEVE.
BELIEVE. AND THEN THEM GOING TO PUBLISH A
AND THEN THEM GOING TO PUBLISH A STORY ABOUT YOU AND DONALD TRUMP
STORY ABOUT YOU AND DONALD TRUMP INTERVENING, GETTING THEM TO
INTERVENING, GETTING THEM TO PULL THE STORY AND OFFER YOU A
PULL THE STORY AND OFFER YOU A JOB.
JOB. SO, YOU’VE BEEN --
SO, YOU’VE BEEN -- >> NO, THEY ACTUALLY RAN THE
>> NO, THEY ACTUALLY RAN THE STORY.
STORY. THEY RAN THE STORY ABOUT MY
THEY RAN THE STORY ABOUT MY BROTHER’S MURDER AND THEY SENT
BROTHER’S MURDER AND THEY SENT THIS REPORTER, WHO PRETENDED TO
THIS REPORTER, WHO PRETENDED TO BE A MOURNER AND CAME TO THE
BE A MOURNER AND CAME TO THE FUNERAL AND SHE TOOK LITTLE
FUNERAL AND SHE TOOK LITTLE CLIPS FROM MY EULOGY FOR MY
CLIPS FROM MY EULOGY FOR MY BROTHER AND WROTE IT IN THE
BROTHER AND WROTE IT IN THE STORY AS IF SHE INTERVIEWED ME.
STORY AS IF SHE INTERVIEWED ME. >> AND THEN HOW DID THAT
>> AND THEN HOW DID THAT STORY -- HOW DID YOU WIND UP
STORY -- HOW DID YOU WIND UP GOING FROM THAT TO WORKING FOR
GOING FROM THAT TO WORKING FOR DAVID PECKER?
DAVID PECKER? >> YEAH, THAT’S ONE OF THE
>> YEAH, THAT’S ONE OF THE THINGS I TALK ABOUT IN
THINGS I TALK ABOUT IN "UNHINGED" IS DONALD TRUMP CALLS
"UNHINGED" IS DONALD TRUMP CALLS ME, HERE’S MY FRIEND, MY MENTOR,
ME, HERE’S MY FRIEND, MY MENTOR, SOMEONE I RESPECT.
SOMEONE I RESPECT. HE SAYS, I UNDERSTAND YOU’RE
HE SAYS, I UNDERSTAND YOU’RE GOING TO SUE "THE NATIONAL
GOING TO SUE "THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER."
ENQUIRER." WHAT YOU DON’T KNOW, IT’S OWNED
WHAT YOU DON’T KNOW, IT’S OWNED BY MY GOOD FRIEND DAVID PECKER
BY MY GOOD FRIEND DAVID PECKER AND SURELY THERE’S SOMETHING WE
AND SURELY THERE’S SOMETHING WE CAN DO INSTEAD OF YOU SPENDING
CAN DO INSTEAD OF YOU SPENDING THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF
THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS ON TAKING HIM TO COURT.
DOLLARS ON TAKING HIM TO COURT. SURELY WE CAN FIND A BETTER
SURELY WE CAN FIND A BETTER RESOLUTION.
RESOLUTION. AS YOU CAN SEE IN THE BOOK, I
AS YOU CAN SEE IN THE BOOK, I HAD A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF
HAD A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF RESPECT FOR DONALD.
RESPECT FOR DONALD. I DID NOT KNOW DAVID PECKER WAS
I DID NOT KNOW DAVID PECKER WAS HIS GOOD FRIEND NOR DID I KNOW
HIS GOOD FRIEND NOR DID I KNOW THIS UNDERSTANDING OF CATCH AND
THIS UNDERSTANDING OF CATCH AND KILL THESE STORIES OR IN THIS
KILL THESE STORIES OR IN THIS CASE, TRY TO PUT DOWN A LAWSUIT.
CASE, TRY TO PUT DOWN A LAWSUIT. AFTER THE NEGOTIATION, AS YOU’LL
AFTER THE NEGOTIATION, AS YOU’LL SEE IN "UNHINGED REQUEST THE
SEE IN "UNHINGED REQUEST THE REQUEST --
REQUEST -- I BECOME THE EDITOR OF REALITY
I BECOME THE EDITOR OF REALITY MAGAZINE AND WORKING FOR DAVID
MAGAZINE AND WORKING FOR DAVID PECKER FOR TWO WHOLE YEARS.
PECKER FOR TWO WHOLE YEARS. THAT’S A SEPARATE BOOK I COULD
THAT’S A SEPARATE BOOK I COULD WRITE ABOUT WORKING FOR DAVID
WRITE ABOUT WORKING FOR DAVID PECKER AND "THE ENQUIRER" AND
PECKER AND "THE ENQUIRER" AND "STAR" MAGAZINE.
"STAR" MAGAZINE. >> YOU TALK ABOUT DAVID COHEN --
>> YOU TALK ABOUT DAVID COHEN -- >> MICHAEL COHEN?
>> MICHAEL COHEN? >> MICHAEL COHEN, SORRY.
>> MICHAEL COHEN, SORRY. WERE YOU SURPRISED WHEN HE
WERE YOU SURPRISED WHEN HE TURNED ON DONALD TRUMP?
TURNED ON DONALD TRUMP? >> FIRST OF ALL, I ADORE MICHAEL
>> FIRST OF ALL, I ADORE MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. I’VE NEVER HID THAT.
I’VE NEVER HID THAT. I THINK YOU SEE THAT, HOW MUCH I
I THINK YOU SEE THAT, HOW MUCH I ADORE HIM IN THE BOOK.
ADORE HIM IN THE BOOK. AND I AM SAD TO SEE HIM GOING
AND I AM SAD TO SEE HIM GOING THROUGH WHAT HE’S GOING THROUGH.
THROUGH WHAT HE’S GOING THROUGH. I ADORE HIS WIFE.
I ADORE HIS WIFE. HIS DAUGHTER WAS MY INTERN AT
HIS DAUGHTER WAS MY INTERN AT THE WHITE HOUSE.
THE WHITE HOUSE. SHE’S BRILLIANT.
SHE’S BRILLIANT. I AM REALLY, REALLY SADDENED,
I AM REALLY, REALLY SADDENED, MOREOVER, TO SEE DONALD TRUMP
MOREOVER, TO SEE DONALD TRUMP KICK MICHAEL COHEN WHILE HE’S
KICK MICHAEL COHEN WHILE HE’S DOWN, WHILE PRAISING PAUL
DOWN, WHILE PRAISING PAUL MANAFORT.
MANAFORT. I MEAN, MICHAEL COHEN DID
I MEAN, MICHAEL COHEN DID EVERYTHING HE WAS ASKED TO DO.
EVERYTHING HE WAS ASKED TO DO. HE WAS DIRECTED TO MAKE THOSE
HE WAS DIRECTED TO MAKE THOSE PAYMENTS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE
PAYMENTS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
UNITED STATES. HE WAS COMPLETELY LOYAL.
HE WAS COMPLETELY LOYAL. HE WAS A LOYAL SOLDIER.
HE WAS A LOYAL SOLDIER. CARRYING OUT ALL OF THE THINGS
CARRYING OUT ALL OF THE THINGS HE WAS INSTRUCTED TO DO BY
HE WAS INSTRUCTED TO DO BY DONALD TRUMP, WHO WAS THE
DONALD TRUMP, WHO WAS THE GENERAL.
GENERAL. >> AND DO YOU THINK THAT HE HAS
>> AND DO YOU THINK THAT HE HAS EVIDENCE THAT WOULD BE MATERIAL
EVIDENCE THAT WOULD BE MATERIAL TO THE RUSSIAGATE PORTION OF THE
TO THE RUSSIAGATE PORTION OF THE MUELLERGATE INVESTIGATION?
MUELLERGATE INVESTIGATION? >> HE HAS THAT AND MUCH MORE.
>> HE HAS THAT AND MUCH MORE. MICHAEL COHEN KNEW ALL ABOUT ALL
MICHAEL COHEN KNEW ALL ABOUT ALL OF DONALD TRUMP’S DIRTY SECRETS,
OF DONALD TRUMP’S DIRTY SECRETS, ALL HIS DIRTY DEALS, ALL OF HIS
ALL HIS DIRTY DEALS, ALL OF HIS CORRUPTION.
CORRUPTION. AND I’M GLAD MICHAEL COHEN IS
AND I’M GLAD MICHAEL COHEN IS GOING TO ACTUALLY PARTICIPATE
GOING TO ACTUALLY PARTICIPATE AND COOPERATE WITH THESE
AND COOPERATE WITH THESE INVESTIGATIONS BECAUSE THE
INVESTIGATIONS BECAUSE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT TO
AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW WHAT’S GOING ON AND WHO
KNOW WHAT’S GOING ON AND WHO TRULY ELECTED TO BE PRESIDENT OF
TRULY ELECTED TO BE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
THE UNITED STATES. >> YOU KNOW OTHER PLAYERS IN THE
>> YOU KNOW OTHER PLAYERS IN THE DONALD TRUMP UNIVERSE THAT YOU
DONALD TRUMP UNIVERSE THAT YOU DO WRITE ABOUT IN THE BOOK.
DO WRITE ABOUT IN THE BOOK. WHO ELSE DO YOU THINK MIGHT COME
WHO ELSE DO YOU THINK MIGHT COME FORWARD?
FORWARD? YOU KNOW KEITH SCHILLER, DONALD
YOU KNOW KEITH SCHILLER, DONALD TRUMP’S LONG-TIME BODYGUARD.
TRUMP’S LONG-TIME BODYGUARD. DO YOU THINK HE’S SOMEBODY THAT
DO YOU THINK HE’S SOMEBODY THAT MIGHT COME FORWARD?
MIGHT COME FORWARD? ARE THERE --
ARE THERE -- >> KEITH SIGNED ONE OF THE -- HE
>> KEITH SIGNED ONE OF THE -- HE SIGNED ONE OF THOSE AGREEMENTS
SIGNED ONE OF THOSE AGREEMENTS THEY OFFERED ME.
THEY OFFERED ME. I BELIEVE HE’S BEING PAID
I BELIEVE HE’S BEING PAID $15,000 A MONTH.
$15,000 A MONTH. WHEN YOU SIGN ON, YOU SIGN THIS
WHEN YOU SIGN ON, YOU SIGN THIS INCREDIBLE NDA THAT DOES NOT
INCREDIBLE NDA THAT DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO TALK OR SHARE THOSE
ALLOW YOU TO TALK OR SHARE THOSE STORIES.
STORIES. ESSENTIALLY HE’S BEEN SILENCED.
ESSENTIALLY HE’S BEEN SILENCED. I DON’T KNOW WHAT HE CAN AND
I DON’T KNOW WHAT HE CAN AND CAN’T DO UNDER THAT AGREEMENT.
CAN’T DO UNDER THAT AGREEMENT. ALL I DO KNOW IS HE SPERDENTERED
ALL I DO KNOW IS HE SPERDENTERED AN AGREEMENT THAT DOES NOT ALLOW
AN AGREEMENT THAT DOES NOT ALLOW HIM TO TALK IN A NEGATIVE WAY BY
HIM TO TALK IN A NEGATIVE WAY BY DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. >> YOU SAY YOU FELT
>> YOU SAY YOU FELT UNCOMFORTABLE WITH PAUL MANAFORT
UNCOMFORTABLE WITH PAUL MANAFORT WHEN HE CAME ON THE CAMPAIGN.
WHEN HE CAME ON THE CAMPAIGN. WHY?
WHY? >> PAUL MANAFORT WAS ALWAYS
>> PAUL MANAFORT WAS ALWAYS LOOKING OUT FOR HIMSELF.
LOOKING OUT FOR HIMSELF. HE NEVER TALKED ABOUT HOW THIS
HE NEVER TALKED ABOUT HOW THIS COULD ADVANCE THE CAMPAIGN.
COULD ADVANCE THE CAMPAIGN. HE ALWAYS TRIED TO POSITION AS
HE ALWAYS TRIED TO POSITION AS TO HOW DIFFERENT DECISIONS AND
TO HOW DIFFERENT DECISIONS AND POLICY COULD HELP TO ADVANCE HIM
POLICY COULD HELP TO ADVANCE HIM AND RICK GATES.
AND RICK GATES. EVEN WHEN I TALKED TO HIM ABOUT
EVEN WHEN I TALKED TO HIM ABOUT ISSUES THAT WERE CONCERNING TO
ISSUES THAT WERE CONCERNING TO THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY,
THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY, HE WAS VERY DISMISSIVE BECAUSE
HE WAS VERY DISMISSIVE BECAUSE HE DIDN’T SEE THE END GAME FOR
HE DIDN’T SEE THE END GAME FOR HIM.
HIM. >> I WANT TO COME BACK TO -- I
>> I WANT TO COME BACK TO -- I KNOW SOMEONE WHO HAS KNOWN YOU
KNOW SOMEONE WHO HAS KNOWN YOU FOR A LONG TIME.
FOR A LONG TIME. WHEN THEY FOUND OUT I WAS GOING
WHEN THEY FOUND OUT I WAS GOING TO BE TALKING TO YOU, HAD THINGS
TO BE TALKING TO YOU, HAD THINGS THEY WANT TO KNOW, HAVING KNOWN
THEY WANT TO KNOW, HAVING KNOWN YOU BACK IN THE DAY.
YOU BACK IN THE DAY. >> WHO’S THAT?
>> WHO’S THAT? >> I’M NOT GOING TO TELL YOU WHO
>> I’M NOT GOING TO TELL YOU WHO IT IS.
IT IS. ONE OF THE QUESTIONS HE HAD --
ONE OF THE QUESTIONS HE HAD -- >> CAN YOU AT LEAST TELL ME WHO
>> CAN YOU AT LEAST TELL ME WHO IT IS?
IT IS? >> NO.
>> NO. LOTS OF PEOPLE HAVE ASKED ME
LOTS OF PEOPLE HAVE ASKED ME QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS. OH, PLEASE ASK HER THIS.
OH, PLEASE ASK HER THIS. A LOT REVOLVE AROUND THINGS LIKE
A LOT REVOLVE AROUND THINGS LIKE THE CENTRAL PARK FIVE.
THE CENTRAL PARK FIVE. YOU STUDIED DONALD TRUMP, YOU
YOU STUDIED DONALD TRUMP, YOU WERE VERY HONEST IN THE BOOK
WERE VERY HONEST IN THE BOOK ABOUT SEEING HIS MIYOGNY, ABOUT
ABOUT SEEING HIS MIYOGNY, ABOUT HIM BEING CREEPY TO HIS
HIM BEING CREEPY TO HIS DAUGHTER.
DAUGHTER. YOU KNEW THE NEGATIVES AS WELL
YOU KNEW THE NEGATIVES AS WELL AS POSITIVE.
AS POSITIVE. ON RACE YOU EVEN TALK ABOUT AT A
ON RACE YOU EVEN TALK ABOUT AT A CERTAIN POINT IN THE CAMPAIGN
CERTAIN POINT IN THE CAMPAIGN TALKING TO HIM ABOUT THE CENTRAL
TALKING TO HIM ABOUT THE CENTRAL PARK FIVE, TRYING TO CONVINCE
PARK FIVE, TRYING TO CONVINCE HIM THESE YOUNG MEN WERE NOT
HIM THESE YOUNG MEN WERE NOT GUILTY.
GUILTY. WHAT WAS HIS RESPONSE WHEN YOU
WHAT WAS HIS RESPONSE WHEN YOU TRIED TO EXPLAIN TO HIM THE
TRIED TO EXPLAIN TO HIM THE CENTRAL PARK FIVE WERE ACTUALLY
CENTRAL PARK FIVE WERE ACTUALLY NOT GUILTY?
NOT GUILTY? >> IT’S INTERESTING BECAUSE
>> IT’S INTERESTING BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP TRIED TO GIVE ME A
DONALD TRUMP TRIED TO GIVE ME A HISTORY LESSON BE ABOUT THE
HISTORY LESSON BE ABOUT THE CENTRAL PARK FIVE.
CENTRAL PARK FIVE. HE SAID THEY ADMITTED GUILT.
HE SAID THEY ADMITTED GUILT. THEY ADMITTED THEY CARRIED OUT
THEY ADMITTED THEY CARRIED OUT THESE ACTS.
THESE ACTS. YOU WEREN’T THERE, OMAROSA.
YOU WEREN’T THERE, OMAROSA. THEY PLEADED GUILTY AND SAID
THEY PLEADED GUILTY AND SAID THEY DID THESE ACTS.
THEY DID THESE ACTS. HE SAID THE TRUTH DIDN’T COME
HE SAID THE TRUTH DIDN’T COME FORWARD FOR YEARS LATER AND HE
FORWARD FOR YEARS LATER AND HE FELT HE WAS BEING JUDGED BY
FELT HE WAS BEING JUDGED BY INFORMATION HE HAD AT THAT TIME,
INFORMATION HE HAD AT THAT TIME, BASED ON THEM BEING EXONERATED
BASED ON THEM BEING EXONERATED YEARS LATER.
YEARS LATER. WHEN HE EXPLAINED THAT TO ME,
WHEN HE EXPLAINED THAT TO ME, YOU KNOW, I GAVE HIM THE BENEFIT
YOU KNOW, I GAVE HIM THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT THAT THERE WAS A
OF THE DOUBT THAT THERE WAS A TIME DIFFERENCE.
TIME DIFFERENCE. WHAT HE’S CONTINUED TO DO, NOW
WHAT HE’S CONTINUED TO DO, NOW THAT HE KNOWS THE TRUTH, NOW
THAT HE KNOWS THE TRUTH, NOW THAT THERE’S DNA EVIDENCE, NOW
THAT THERE’S DNA EVIDENCE, NOW THAT THEY HAVE COMPLETELY BEEN
THAT THEY HAVE COMPLETELY BEEN EXONERATED AND HE STILL
EXONERATED AND HE STILL CONTINUES TO HOLD ON TOWARDS THE
CONTINUES TO HOLD ON TOWARDS THE HATE AND ANIMOSITY HE HAS
HATE AND ANIMOSITY HE HAS AGAINST THESE GENTLEMEN, IT’S
AGAINST THESE GENTLEMEN, IT’S JUST -- IT’S UNACCEPTABLE.
JUST -- IT’S UNACCEPTABLE. AND IT SHOWINGS YOU HOW
AND IT SHOWINGS YOU HOW ILLOGICAL HE IS AND HOW MARRIED
ILLOGICAL HE IS AND HOW MARRIED TO HIS HATE HE IS.
TO HIS HATE HE IS. >> A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE WANTED
>> A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE WANTED TO KNOW, WHAT WAS GOING ON IN
TO KNOW, WHAT WAS GOING ON IN YOUR MIND AS YOU’RE WATCHING
YOUR MIND AS YOU’RE WATCHING THINGS LIKE DONALD TRUMP
THINGS LIKE DONALD TRUMP RETWEETING NAZ SFWLIS DURING THE
RETWEETING NAZ SFWLIS DURING THE CAMPAIGN, DAVID DUKE COMING OUT
CAMPAIGN, DAVID DUKE COMING OUT WITH THIS FULL-THROATED SUPPORT,
WITH THIS FULL-THROATED SUPPORT, THE ALT-RIGHT GLOMING ONTO HIM.
THE ALT-RIGHT GLOMING ONTO HIM. AS THE ONLY AFRICAN-AMERICAN
AS THE ONLY AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN YOU’RE --
WOMAN YOU’RE -- >> I TALKED ABOUT IN THE BOOK
>> I TALKED ABOUT IN THE BOOK HOW IMPORTANT IT WAS TO BE THAT
HOW IMPORTANT IT WAS TO BE THAT AFRICAN-AMERICAN THAT TOOK HIM
AFRICAN-AMERICAN THAT TOOK HIM TO TASK ON EVERY SINGLE ONE OF
TO TASK ON EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THESE THINGS.
THESE THINGS. SHOULD, I COULD HAVE QUIT IN
SHOULD, I COULD HAVE QUIT IN PROTEST BUT THEN THERE WOULD BE
PROTEST BUT THEN THERE WOULD BE A VOID OF A VOICE AND SOMEONE TO
A VOID OF A VOICE AND SOMEONE TO ADVOCATE FOR US.
ADVOCATE FOR US. RIGHT NOW IN THE WHITE HOUSE
RIGHT NOW IN THE WHITE HOUSE THERE IS NO AFRICAN-AMERICAN
THERE IS NO AFRICAN-AMERICAN REPRESENTATION.
REPRESENTATION. THERE ARE NO AFRICAN-AMERICAN
THERE ARE NO AFRICAN-AMERICAN SENIOR STAFFERS, NO
SENIOR STAFFERS, NO AFRICAN-AMERICAN ASSISTANTS TO
AFRICAN-AMERICAN ASSISTANTS TO THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT. THEY’RE MAKING DECISIONS ABOUT
THEY’RE MAKING DECISIONS ABOUT US WITHOUT US.
US WITHOUT US. PEOPLE CAN AGREE OR DISAGREE
PEOPLE CAN AGREE OR DISAGREE WHETHER OR NOT THERE SHOULD BE
WHETHER OR NOT THERE SHOULD BE REPRESENTATION.
REPRESENTATION. I HAPPEN TO BELIEVE THERE SHOULD
I HAPPEN TO BELIEVE THERE SHOULD BE.
BE. IT SHOULDN’T BE ME BECAUSE I’M
IT SHOULDN’T BE ME BECAUSE I’M OUT, BUT I’LL TELL YOU THAT WE
OUT, BUT I’LL TELL YOU THAT WE STILL NEED AFRICAN-AMERICAN
STILL NEED AFRICAN-AMERICAN LEADERSHIP, AFRICAN-AMERICAN
LEADERSHIP, AFRICAN-AMERICAN CIVIL RIGHTS LEADERS TO GO AND
CIVIL RIGHTS LEADERS TO GO AND FIGHT FOR THE THINGS THAT ARE
FIGHT FOR THE THINGS THAT ARE IMPORTANT FOR ADVANCING OUR
IMPORTANT FOR ADVANCING OUR COMMUNITY.
COMMUNITY. THAT HASN’T CHANGED FOR ME.
THAT HASN’T CHANGED FOR ME. WE STILL NEED A VOICE.
WE STILL NEED A VOICE. >> ONE OF THE THINGS IN THE BOOK
>> ONE OF THE THINGS IN THE BOOK IS YOU WRITE ABOUT WHAT REALLY
IS YOU WRITE ABOUT WHAT REALLY WAS IT FOR YOU.
WAS IT FOR YOU. THAT YOU WRITE ABOUT
THAT YOU WRITE ABOUT CHARLOTTESVILLE BEING A TURNING
CHARLOTTESVILLE BEING A TURNING POINT IN TERMS OF YOUR
POINT IN TERMS OF YOUR PERCEPTION OF DONALD TRUMP, AS
PERCEPTION OF DONALD TRUMP, AS YOU SAID THE CULT THING WEARING
YOU SAID THE CULT THING WEARING OFF AND WAKING UP.
OFF AND WAKING UP. BUT AT THAT POINT, THAT WAS THE
BUT AT THAT POINT, THAT WAS THE SUMMER OF 2017.
SUMMER OF 2017. YOU DIDN’T RESIGN.
YOU DIDN’T RESIGN. IN FACT, NO ONE RESIGNED IN
IN FACT, NO ONE RESIGNED IN PROTEST OVER CHARLOTTESVILLE.
PROTEST OVER CHARLOTTESVILLE. DO YOU LOOK BACK AND WISH YOU
DO YOU LOOK BACK AND WISH YOU HAD?
HAD? YOU HAVE A FLAIR FOR THE
YOU HAVE A FLAIR FOR THE DRAMATIC, AS DONALD TRUMP DOES.
DRAMATIC, AS DONALD TRUMP DOES. HAD YOU RESIGNED AS THE ONLY
HAD YOU RESIGNED AS THE ONLY AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN STAFFER
AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN STAFFER IN THE WHITE HOUSE, AS THE
IN THE WHITE HOUSE, AS THE SENIOR-MOST AFRICAN-AMERICAN IN
SENIOR-MOST AFRICAN-AMERICAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE, OTHER THAN BEN
THE WHITE HOUSE, OTHER THAN BEN CARSON, IF YOU HAD RESIGNED IT
CARSON, IF YOU HAD RESIGNED IT WOULD BE HAVE BEEN A TIDAL WAVE.
WOULD BE HAVE BEEN A TIDAL WAVE. WHY DIDN’T YOU RESIGN?
WHY DIDN’T YOU RESIGN? >> YEAH, THE REASON I DIDN’T
>> YEAH, THE REASON I DIDN’T RESIGN IS BECAUSE THERE WERE 100
RESIGN IS BECAUSE THERE WERE 100 STUDENTS, 100 REPRESENTATIVES
STUDENTS, 100 REPRESENTATIVES FROM HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES
FROM HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES, THEY’RE CALL
AND UNIVERSITIES, THEY’RE CALL HBCU ALL-STARS.
HBCU ALL-STARS. I HAD BEEN PREPARING THIS
I HAD BEEN PREPARING THIS CONFERENCE THAT WAS GOING TO
CONFERENCE THAT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN IN SEPTEMBER.
HAPPEN IN SEPTEMBER. THE WHITE HOUSE CONFERENCE ON
THE WHITE HOUSE CONFERENCE ON HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES.
UNIVERSITIES. AND I CALLED ARMSTRONG WILLIAMS
AND I CALLED ARMSTRONG WILLIAMS AND I SAID, I’M GOING TO QUIT.
AND I SAID, I’M GOING TO QUIT. THIS IS IT.
THIS IS IT. I’M DONE.
I’M DONE. HE SAID, YOU CAN’T LET THOSE
HE SAID, YOU CAN’T LET THOSE STUDENTS DOWN.
STUDENTS DOWN. YOU’VE BEEN WORKING -- YOU CAN’T
YOU’VE BEEN WORKING -- YOU CAN’T JUST LEAVE IN PROTEST.
JUST LEAVE IN PROTEST. YOU HAVE TO FIND SOMEONE TO TAKE
YOU HAVE TO FIND SOMEONE TO TAKE YOUR PLACE.
YOUR PLACE. YOU HAVE TO FIND A WAY TO MAKE
YOU HAVE TO FIND A WAY TO MAKE SURE THESE INITIATIVES ARE
SURE THESE INITIATIVES ARE CARRIED OUT.
CARRIED OUT. JUST LIKE GARY COHEN WHO STAYED
JUST LIKE GARY COHEN WHO STAYED OFF FOR MONTHS AND MONTHS
OFF FOR MONTHS AND MONTHS BECAUSE HE HAD FINANCIAL ISSUES
BECAUSE HE HAD FINANCIAL ISSUES ON THE TABLE.
ON THE TABLE. THERE WERE ISSUES IMPORTANT TO
THERE WERE ISSUES IMPORTANT TO ME THAT I COULDN’T JUST THROW UP
ME THAT I COULDN’T JUST THROW UP MY HANDS.
MY HANDS. SURE, I COULD HAVE LEFT IN
SURE, I COULD HAVE LEFT IN PROTEST BUT THOSE STUDENTS NEVER
PROTEST BUT THOSE STUDENTS NEVER WOULD HAVE HAD THE EXPERIENCE OF
WOULD HAVE HAD THE EXPERIENCE OF A LIFETIME, TO COME TO
A LIFETIME, TO COME TO WASHINGTON, TO SEE HOW
WASHINGTON, TO SEE HOW GOVERNMENT WORKS FIRSTHAND.
GOVERNMENT WORKS FIRSTHAND. I WOULDN’T HAVE HAD THE
I WOULDN’T HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO GO TO THE U.N., I
OPPORTUNITY TO GO TO THE U.N., I WOULDN’T HAVE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY
WOULDN’T HAVE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO WORK ON THE ISSUES OF HAITI,
TO WORK ON THE ISSUES OF HAITI, FLINT, ALL THESE ISSUES
FLINT, ALL THESE ISSUES IMPORTANT TO NOT JUST THROW UP
IMPORTANT TO NOT JUST THROW UP MY HANDS AND LEAVE.
MY HANDS AND LEAVE. BUT I CERTAINLY KNEW THAT
BUT I CERTAINLY KNEW THAT JANUARY 20th OF 2018 WOULD BE MY
JANUARY 20th OF 2018 WOULD BE MY KICKER, THE END OF MY TIME IN
KICKER, THE END OF MY TIME IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
THE WHITE HOUSE. UNFORTUNATELY, AS YOU SEE IN THE
UNFORTUNATELY, AS YOU SEE IN THE BOOK, GENERAL KELLY DECIDED THAT
BOOK, GENERAL KELLY DECIDED THAT THE SITUATION ROOM WOULD BE A
THE SITUATION ROOM WOULD BE A BETTER WAY TO END MY TIME IN THE
BETTER WAY TO END MY TIME IN THE WHITE HOUSE, LOCKING ME THERE
WHITE HOUSE, LOCKING ME THERE AND MAKING THREATS, SAYING
AND MAKING THREATS, SAYING THINGS WILL GET UGLY FOR ME AND
THINGS WILL GET UGLY FOR ME AND THERE WOULD BE DAMAGE TO MY
THERE WOULD BE DAMAGE TO MY REPUTATION.
REPUTATION. AND SO, YOU KNOW, THAT’S ALL IN
AND SO, YOU KNOW, THAT’S ALL IN "UNHINGED."
"UNHINGED." I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT FOR
I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT FOR PEOPLE TO READ THE ENTIRE STORY
PEOPLE TO READ THE ENTIRE STORY AND NOT JUST TAKE SLIVERS OF IT.
AND NOT JUST TAKE SLIVERS OF IT. THIS IS MY LIFE STORY AND MY
THIS IS MY LIFE STORY AND MY TRUE JOURNEY TO GET OVER
TRUE JOURNEY TO GET OVER OBSTACLES TO GET WHERE I AM
OBSTACLES TO GET WHERE I AM TODAY.
TODAY. >> IT’S A BEST SELLER SO A LOT
>> IT’S A BEST SELLER SO A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE ALREADY READ IT.
OF PEOPLE HAVE ALREADY READ IT. YOU TALK ABOUT JOHN KELLY.
YOU TALK ABOUT JOHN KELLY. YOU OPEN WITH THE FIRING, WITH
YOU OPEN WITH THE FIRING, WITH BEING PULLED INTO THE SITUATION
BEING PULLED INTO THE SITUATION ROOM IN ORDER FOR JOHN KELLY TO
ROOM IN ORDER FOR JOHN KELLY TO FIRE YOU.
FIRE YOU. YOU WRITE A LOT ABOUT HIM.
YOU WRITE A LOT ABOUT HIM. DO YOU THINK JOHN KELLY’S
DO YOU THINK JOHN KELLY’S RACIST?
RACIST? >> OH, YEAH, I MEAN, JOHN KELLY
>> OH, YEAH, I MEAN, JOHN KELLY THOUGHT THE CIVIL WAR WAS ABOUT
THOUGHT THE CIVIL WAR WAS ABOUT COMPROMISE.
COMPROMISE. IT WASN’T ABOUT COMPROMISE,
IT WASN’T ABOUT COMPROMISE, GENERAL JOHN KELLY, IT WAS ABOUT
GENERAL JOHN KELLY, IT WAS ABOUT SLAVERY.
SLAVERY. >> YOU ALSO WRITE JOHN KELLY
>> YOU ALSO WRITE JOHN KELLY NEVER MET WITH YOU, HE NEVER HAD
NEVER MET WITH YOU, HE NEVER HAD ANY TIME OF DAY FOR YOU, BUT YOU
ANY TIME OF DAY FOR YOU, BUT YOU ALSO WRITE AT THE TIME HE WAS
ALSO WRITE AT THE TIME HE WAS FIRING YOU BELIEVED IT WAS
FIRING YOU BELIEVED IT WAS BECAUSE SOMEHOW HE KNEW THAT YOU
BECAUSE SOMEHOW HE KNEW THAT YOU KNEW THERE WAS AN N-WORD TAPE
KNEW THERE WAS AN N-WORD TAPE FROM DONALD TRUMP’S "APPRENTICE
FROM DONALD TRUMP’S "APPRENTICE "REQUEST THE DAYS.
"REQUEST THE DAYS. HOW WOULD HE KNOW THAT IF HE
HOW WOULD HE KNOW THAT IF HE DIDN’T EVEN INTERACT WITH YOU?
DIDN’T EVEN INTERACT WITH YOU? >> THERE’S A WHOLE E-MAIL CHAIN.
>> THERE’S A WHOLE E-MAIL CHAIN. YOU’RE THE FIRST ONE TO ASK ME,
YOU’RE THE FIRST ONE TO ASK ME, JOY, AND I’M GLAD YOU ASKED.
JOY, AND I’M GLAD YOU ASKED. AS I STATED, EVERYTHING IN MY
AS I STATED, EVERYTHING IN MY BOOK CAN BE CORROBORATED,
BOOK CAN BE CORROBORATED, DOCUMENTED AND VERIFIED.
DOCUMENTED AND VERIFIED. ON THAT DAY, THE FIRST E-MAIL IS
ON THAT DAY, THE FIRST E-MAIL IS HOPE HICKS.
HOPE HICKS. THE E-MAIL WILL BECOME PUBLIC
THE E-MAIL WILL BECOME PUBLIC BECAUSE THEY’RE GOVERNMENT
BECAUSE THEY’RE GOVERNMENT E-MAILS.
E-MAILS. I SENT AN E-MAIL TO HOPE
I SENT AN E-MAIL TO HOPE EXPLAINING TO HER I WAS
EXPLAINING TO HER I WAS CONCERNED ABOUT THE CHATTER I
CONCERNED ABOUT THE CHATTER I WAS HEARING, THAT SOMEONE WAS
WAS HEARING, THAT SOMEONE WAS ABOUT TO RELEASE THIS TAPE.
ABOUT TO RELEASE THIS TAPE. HOPE RESPONDS TO ME AND SHE
HOPE RESPONDS TO ME AND SHE SAYS, WE’VE ALREADY CONTAINED
SAYS, WE’VE ALREADY CONTAINED THIS OR WE ALREADY DEALT WITH
THIS OR WE ALREADY DEALT WITH THIS, WHICH I THOUGHT WAS
THIS, WHICH I THOUGHT WAS INTERESTING.
INTERESTING. BECAUSE OF THAT EXCHANGE, THAT
BECAUSE OF THAT EXCHANGE, THAT HAPPENED IN THE MORNING AT 10:00
HAPPENED IN THE MORNING AT 10:00 A.M.
A.M. BY 5:00 I GOT AN E-MAIL FROM
BY 5:00 I GOT AN E-MAIL FROM JOHN KELLY’S ASSISTANT SAYING HE
JOHN KELLY’S ASSISTANT SAYING HE WANTED TO MET ME IN THE
WANTED TO MET ME IN THE SITUATION ROOM.
SITUATION ROOM. IT’S HARD TO IGNORE THAT
IT’S HARD TO IGNORE THAT COINCIDENCE THAT I HAD THAT
COINCIDENCE THAT I HAD THAT EXCHANGE IN THE MORNING AND IN
EXCHANGE IN THE MORNING AND IN THE EVENING HE WAS LOCKING ME IN
THE EVENING HE WAS LOCKING ME IN THE SITUATION ROOM MAKING
THE SITUATION ROOM MAKING THREATS.
THREATS. THE WHITE HOUSE KNOWS THIS, HOPE
THE WHITE HOUSE KNOWS THIS, HOPE HICKS KNOWS THIS AND JOHN KELLY
HICKS KNOWS THIS AND JOHN KELLY KNOWS THAT.
KNOWS THAT. >> YOU MENTION THE E-MAILS, YOU
>> YOU MENTION THE E-MAILS, YOU RELEASED SOME TAPES, YOU HAVE
RELEASED SOME TAPES, YOU HAVE VIDEO AND AUDIO TAPES.
VIDEO AND AUDIO TAPES. WHEN YOU WE WANT INTO THE WHITE
WHEN YOU WE WANT INTO THE WHITE HOUSE, WHEN YOU TOOK THAT JOB,
HOUSE, WHEN YOU TOOK THAT JOB, DID YOU HAVE THE INTENT OF
DID YOU HAVE THE INTENT OF ULTIMATELY WRITING A BOOK?
ULTIMATELY WRITING A BOOK? IS THAT WHY YOU KEPT SO MANY
IS THAT WHY YOU KEPT SO MANY RECORDINGS?
RECORDINGS? >> NO, MY INTENTION WAS TO SERVE
>> NO, MY INTENTION WAS TO SERVE MY COUNTRY.
MY COUNTRY. WHEN I TOOK MY OATH TO THE
WHEN I TOOK MY OATH TO THE CONSTITUTION, TO THIS COUNTRY, I
CONSTITUTION, TO THIS COUNTRY, I TOOK IT VERY SERIOUSLY.
TOOK IT VERY SERIOUSLY. THIS IS MY SECOND TOUR OF DUTY
THIS IS MY SECOND TOUR OF DUTY WORKING IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
WORKING IN THE WHITE HOUSE. I KNOW THE IMPORTANCE OF WORKING
I KNOW THE IMPORTANCE OF WORKING AND SERVING FOR YOUR COUNTRY.
AND SERVING FOR YOUR COUNTRY. AND TRYING TO HELP IMPROVE THE
AND TRYING TO HELP IMPROVE THE LIVES OF AFRICAN-AMERICANS
LIVES OF AFRICAN-AMERICANS THROUGHOUT OUR COMMUNITY.
THROUGHOUT OUR COMMUNITY. AND SO I TOOK MY JOB VERY
AND SO I TOOK MY JOB VERY SERIOUSLY.
SERIOUSLY. I AM AN AUTHOR.
I AM AN AUTHOR. THIS IS MY THIRD BOOK.
THIS IS MY THIRD BOOK. CERTAINLY, THIS IS WHAT I LIKE
CERTAINLY, THIS IS WHAT I LIKE TO DO.
TO DO. I LIKE TO WRITE ABOUT MY
I LIKE TO WRITE ABOUT MY EXPERIENCES.
EXPERIENCES. BUT MY INTENTION WAS TO SERVE MY
BUT MY INTENTION WAS TO SERVE MY COUNTRY AND DO IT HONORABLY.
COUNTRY AND DO IT HONORABLY. >> YOU DEFINITELY WERE RECORDING
>> YOU DEFINITELY WERE RECORDING THE WHOLE TIME.
THE WHOLE TIME. WERE YOU DOING IT WITH THE
WERE YOU DOING IT WITH THE INTENTION OF WRITING A BOOK?
INTENTION OF WRITING A BOOK? THERE WAS AN ISSUE WITH APRIL
THERE WAS AN ISSUE WITH APRIL RYAN, WHO WAS A FRIEND OF YOURS
RYAN, WHO WAS A FRIEND OF YOURS FOR A LONG TIME, THAT YOU SAID
FOR A LONG TIME, THAT YOU SAID WAS RECORDED.
WAS RECORDED. >> IT’S FUNNY YOU MENTION HER
>> IT’S FUNNY YOU MENTION HER BECAUSE -- IT’S FUNNY YOU
BECAUSE -- IT’S FUNNY YOU MENTION HER BECAUSE NO ONE HAS
MENTION HER BECAUSE NO ONE HAS REALLY EVEN ACKNOWLEDGED THE
REALLY EVEN ACKNOWLEDGED THE FACT THAT THE STORY SHE
FACT THAT THE STORY SHE MANUFACTURED IN DECEMBER HAS
MANUFACTURED IN DECEMBER HAS BEEN DEBUNKED.
BEEN DEBUNKED. >> HAS IT?
>> HAS IT? >> I THINK IT’S PRETTY SAD -- IT
>> I THINK IT’S PRETTY SAD -- IT HAS.
HAS. I HAVE A TAPE OF THE
I HAVE A TAPE OF THE BEGINNING -- FROM THE MOMENT I
BEGINNING -- FROM THE MOMENT I WENT INTO THE SITUATION ROOM
WENT INTO THE SITUATION ROOM UNTIL THE END.
UNTIL THE END. >> AGAIN, SO --
>> AGAIN, SO -- >> THAT HAPPENED IN A DIFFERENT
>> THAT HAPPENED IN A DIFFERENT SPACE.
SPACE. BUT I DON’T WANT TO SPEND TIME
BUT I DON’T WANT TO SPEND TIME ON HER.
ON HER. IT’S A CO-WASTE OF TIME.
IT’S A CO-WASTE OF TIME. I WANTED TO GIVE PEOPLE AN
I WANTED TO GIVE PEOPLE AN OPPORTUNITY TO SEE WHAT’S
OPPORTUNITY TO SEE WHAT’S HAPPENING IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
HAPPENING IN THE WHITE HOUSE. YOUR TAXPAYER DOLLARS GO TOWARDS
YOUR TAXPAYER DOLLARS GO TOWARDS FUNDING OUR SALARIES AND MAKING
FUNDING OUR SALARIES AND MAKING SURE THIS COUNTRY IS RUN WELL.
SURE THIS COUNTRY IS RUN WELL. YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO PULL THE
YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO PULL THE CURTAIN BACK AND SEE WHAT
CURTAIN BACK AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS IN THE OVAL OFFICE, WHAT
HAPPENS IN THE OVAL OFFICE, WHAT HAPPENS IN THE CABINET ROOM,
HAPPENS IN THE CABINET ROOM, WHAT HAPPENS ON AIR FORCE ONE.
WHAT HAPPENS ON AIR FORCE ONE. THAT’S WHY I WROTE THIS BOOK,
THAT’S WHY I WROTE THIS BOOK, BECAUSE PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW
BECAUSE PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT WHAT’S HAPPENING IN A
ABOUT WHAT’S HAPPENING IN A TRUMP WHITE HOUSE.
TRUMP WHITE HOUSE. I’M GLAD THEY’RE RESPONDING
I’M GLAD THEY’RE RESPONDING WELL.
WELL. IT’S TOP OF THE LIST, "THE NEW
IT’S TOP OF THE LIST, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" BEST SELLERS LIST.
YORK TIMES" BEST SELLERS LIST. JOY, I’M GLAD I HAD A CHANCE TO
JOY, I’M GLAD I HAD A CHANCE TO SIT DOWN AND TALK TO YOU.
SIT DOWN AND TALK TO YOU. NOW I HAVE TO RUN AND GIVE A
NOW I HAVE TO RUN AND GIVE A SPEECH FOR WOMEN IN MINISTRY.
SPEECH FOR WOMEN IN MINISTRY. >> I KNOW.
>> I KNOW. >> I’M GLAD WE HAD A CHANCE TO
>> I’M GLAD WE HAD A CHANCE TO CHAT AFTER YOUR VACATION.
CHAT AFTER YOUR VACATION. >> THIS IS MY LAST QUESTION
>> THIS IS MY LAST QUESTION BECAUSE THIS IS THE MOST ASKED
BECAUSE THIS IS THE MOST ASKED QUESTION I GET ABOUT YOU.
QUESTION I GET ABOUT YOU. THE SAME --
THE SAME -- >> PLEASE.
>> PLEASE. >> -- SENT ME THE SAMMY DAVIS
>> -- SENT ME THE SAMMY DAVIS JR. ARTICLE FROM "THE CHICAGO
JR. ARTICLE FROM "THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE" AND IT SAYS, MAYBE
TRIBUNE" AND IT SAYS, MAYBE OMAROSA DESERVES A SECOND CHANCE
OMAROSA DESERVES A SECOND CHANCE LIKE WE GAVE SAMMY DAVIS JR.
LIKE WE GAVE SAMMY DAVIS JR. AS YOU RECALL, SAMMY DAVIS JR.
AS YOU RECALL, SAMMY DAVIS JR. LOST HIS BLACK CARD WHEN HE
LOST HIS BLACK CARD WHEN HE ENDORSED RICHARD NIXON’S
ENDORSED RICHARD NIXON’S RE-ELECTION IN 1972.
RE-ELECTION IN 1972. HE EARNED IT BACK YEARS LATER
HE EARNED IT BACK YEARS LATER AFTER ACKNOWLEDGING HIS MISTAKE
AFTER ACKNOWLEDGING HIS MISTAKE SUPPORTING A PRESIDENT THAT
SUPPORTING A PRESIDENT THAT AFRICAN-AMERICANS DEMISAL AND
AFRICAN-AMERICANS DEMISAL AND RENOUNCED NIXON FOR RENEGING ON
RENOUNCED NIXON FOR RENEGING ON PROMISES HE MADE REGARDING CIVIL
PROMISES HE MADE REGARDING CIVIL RIGHTS.
RIGHTS. IT’S RESPECTFULLY I ASK YOU
IT’S RESPECTFULLY I ASK YOU THIS, SISTER, BECAUSE EVERYONE
THIS, SISTER, BECAUSE EVERYONE WANTS ME TO ASK YOU, IS PART OF
WANTS ME TO ASK YOU, IS PART OF YOUR PURPOSE FOR WRITING THIS
YOUR PURPOSE FOR WRITING THIS BOOK IS TO GET THE PROVERBIAL
BOOK IS TO GET THE PROVERBIAL BLACK CARD BACK?
BLACK CARD BACK? AS A WAY OF SAYING TO THE
AS A WAY OF SAYING TO THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY, I
AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY, I WANT TO COME BACK, I WANT TO BE
WANT TO COME BACK, I WANT TO BE BACK ON YOUR SIDE?
BACK ON YOUR SIDE? >> FIRST OF ALL, I NEVER LEFT.
>> FIRST OF ALL, I NEVER LEFT. I’M A WOMAN WHO GREW UP IN
I’M A WOMAN WHO GREW UP IN EXTREME POVERTY IN THE WEST LAKE
EXTREME POVERTY IN THE WEST LAKE PROJECTS.
PROJECTS. I HAVE STAB WOUNDS.
I HAVE STAB WOUNDS. I HAVE SURVIVED THE WORST TYPES
I HAVE SURVIVED THE WORST TYPES OF ATROCITIES YOU CAN SEE.
OF ATROCITIES YOU CAN SEE. MOREOVER, I MADE VERY CLEAR
MOREOVER, I MADE VERY CLEAR DECISIONS HOW TO EDUCATE MYSELF
DECISIONS HOW TO EDUCATE MYSELF AT HBCUs, I CONTINUE TO WORK IN
AT HBCUs, I CONTINUE TO WORK IN THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY
THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY AND BLACK CHURCH.
AND BLACK CHURCH. THAT ASSERTION YOU CAN BE
THAT ASSERTION YOU CAN BE STRIPPED OF YOUR BLACKNESS, I AM
STRIPPED OF YOUR BLACKNESS, I AM AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN THAT
AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN THAT WALKS AROUND VERY PROUDLY.
WALKS AROUND VERY PROUDLY. YOU CAN’T STRIP ME OF WHAT I’VE
YOU CAN’T STRIP ME OF WHAT I’VE BEEN THROUGH, OF WHAT I’VE
BEEN THROUGH, OF WHAT I’VE EXPERIENCED, AND MOREOVER, I
EXPERIENCED, AND MOREOVER, I CAN’T TAKE THIS OFF OR PUT IT
CAN’T TAKE THIS OFF OR PUT IT ON.
ON. GOD IS THE AUTHOR AND FINISHER
GOD IS THE AUTHOR AND FINISHER OF MY FATE.
OF MY FATE. HE WRITES MY LIFE’S STORY AND
HE WRITES MY LIFE’S STORY AND DETERMINES MY DESTINY.
DETERMINES MY DESTINY. I DON’T GET INTO A TRIVIAL CAN
I DON’T GET INTO A TRIVIAL CAN DEBATE IF SOMEONE ACCEPTS ME OR
DEBATE IF SOMEONE ACCEPTS ME OR NOT.
NOT. THE ONLY ONE I’M CONCERNED ABOUT
THE ONLY ONE I’M CONCERNED ABOUT ACCEPTING ME IS OUR LORD AND
ACCEPTING ME IS OUR LORD AND SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST.
SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST. HE WHEN SAYS, WELL DONE, MY GOOD
HE WHEN SAYS, WELL DONE, MY GOOD AND FAITHFUL SERVANT.
AND FAITHFUL SERVANT. THAT’S THE ONLY PERSON I’M
THAT’S THE ONLY PERSON I’M CONCERNED WITH PLEASING AND
CONCERNED WITH PLEASING AND THAT’S WHAT I WORK TOWARDS EVERY
THAT’S WHAT I WORK TOWARDS EVERY SINGLE DAY, WHICH IS WHY I’M
SINGLE DAY, WHICH IS WHY I’M RUNNING TO GO TO A WOMEN IN
RUNNING TO GO TO A WOMEN IN MINISTRY CONFERENCE.
MINISTRY CONFERENCE. >> OMAROSA, REMINDING PEOPLE SHE
>> OMAROSA, REMINDING PEOPLE SHE HAS A THEOLOGICAL DEGREE AS
HAS A THEOLOGICAL DEGREE AS WELL.
WELL. GOOD TO TALK TO YOU.
GOOD TO TALK TO YOU. >> THANKS, JOY.
>> THANKS, JOY. >>> TWO OF OMAROSA’S FELLOW
>>> TWO OF OMAROSA’S FELLOW CONTESTANTS ON "THE APPRENTICE"
CONTESTANTS ON "THE APPRENTICE" HAVE BEEN WATCHING THIS
HAVE BEEN WATCHING THIS INTERVIEW.
INTERVIEW. WE’LL GET THEIR REACTION NEXT.